doc: Add instructions for using Ollama with AI Gateway (#11264)
kgateway-dev/kgateway: docs/quick-start-ai-gateway-locally.md

# Quick Start: Using Ollama with AI Gateway

## Setup Gateway

Follow the [quickstart](https://kgateway.dev/docs/quickstart/) to quickly launch the gateway.

## Setup AI Gateway

If you are using a cloud provider's K8s resources, just follow the [official guide](https://kgateway.dev/docs/ai/setup/#gateway).  
If you are using a local environment, please note: In the [Create An AI Gateway](https://kgateway.dev/docs/ai/setup/#gateway) step, use `NodePort` instead of `LoadBalancer`.

```yaml
kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
apiVersion: gateway.kgateway.dev/v1alpha1
kind: GatewayParameters
metadata:
  name: ai-gateway
  namespace: kgateway-system
  labels:
    app: ai-kgateway
spec:
  kube:
    aiExtension:
      enabled: true
      ports:
      - name: ai-monitoring
        containerPort: 9092
    service:
      type: NodePort # Not LoadBalancer here!
EOF
```

## Setup LLM Locally

1. Find your local IP address  

>    Run `ipconfig` in the terminal and find your IP address. For me, it's `192.168.181.210`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run ipconfig (or ifconfig on Linux/macOS) in your terminal to find your IP address.
Example output:
```

> 

Reviewer: Example output:

   ```text
   en0: flags=8863<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
   	...
   	inet 192.168.181.210 netmask 0xffffff00 broadcast 192.168.181.255
   	...
   ```

2. Start the Ollama service  

>    Run `OLLAMA_HOST=192.168.181.210 ollama serve` (remember to replace `OLLAMA_HOST` with yours!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command, replacing `192.168.181.210` with your actual IP address from the previous step:
```

> 

Reviewer: Example output:

   OLLAMA_LLM_LIBRARY: OLLAMA_LOAD_TIMEOUT:5m0s OLLAMA_MAX_LOADED_MODELS:0
   OLLAMA_MAX_QUEUE:512 OLLAMA_MODELS:/Users/zhengkezhou/.ollama/models
   OLLAMA_MULTIUSER_CACHE:false OLLAMA_NEW_ENGINE:false OLLAMA_NOHISTORY:false
   OLLAMA_NOPRUNE:false OLLAMA_NUM_PARALLEL:0 OLLAMA_ORIGINS:[http://localhost https://localhost
   http://localhost:* https://localhost:* http://127.0.0.1 https://127.0.0.1 http://127.0.0.1:* https://127.0.0.1:*
   http://0.0.0.0 https://0.0.0.0 http://0.0.0.0:* https://0.0.0.0:* app://* file://* tauri://* vscode-webview://*
   vscode-file://*] OLLAMA_SCHED_SPREAD:false http_proxy: https_proxy: no_proxy:]"
   time=2025-05-21T12:33:42.436+08:00 level=INFO source=images.go:463 msg="total blobs: 12"
   time=2025-05-21T12:33:42.437+08:00 level=INFO source=images.go:470 msg="total unused blobs removed: 0"
   time=2025-05-21T12:33:42.437+08:00 level=INFO source=routes.go:1258 msg="Listening on 192.168.181.210:11434 (version 0.7.0)"
   time=2025-05-21T12:33:42.478+08:00 level=INFO source=types.go:130 msg="inference compute" id=0 library=metal variant="" compute="" driver=0.0 name="" total="16.0 GiB" available="16.0 GiB"
   ```

## Using Inline Token

> 1. Create the Backend Resource. In fact, authentication is not required here. `authToken` is a required field for creating a `Backend`. You can fill in any value for `inline`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the Backend Resource. 

Although authentication is not required, the `authToken` field is mandatory for creating an AI `Backend`. You can provide any placeholder value for the inline token.
```
